hey what's going on youtube this is
legit jailbreaks with the tech netic dev
team we're the makers of siri rain and i
just have a little update video / some
more proof for you guys i already made
an ipod touch video and in the video i
showed you guys that dictation she
didn't say anything back so i made
another video with my iphone 4 and you
guys told me that this was a forest
because of this black bar right here
well this is a verizon iphone 4 18 tease
iphone 4 did not have these bars a few
months later verizon made the iphone 4
on their network and it fixed that
problem by adding these bars so they use
the same design on the 4s but you guys
didn't want to understand that I even
opened up cydia and you guys were like
no dude that's a porous well what for SD
you know that is Joe birkin and named
iphone 4 cdma running iOS 5.1 running
cydia so i'm not going to do my demo on
that even though it works hello Siri
hello well there's your proof for the
iphone four for the believers and for
all of you people who can't even deny
that this is not an ipod touch this is
an ipod touch you can't deny it I pull
it up there has facetime right there
what else can I show you guys I guess I
can you know I it's got all that got
faced on there I can show you guys that
cydia shows that it's running ipod down
at the bottom there you go ipod touch 4g
iOS 5.1 so here is siri rain on the ipod
touch running 5.1 we have added the
cache file that was absent in the
previous builds its not on cydia yet
that will come tomorrow so yeah i have
added my 4s keys to this device so it
will depict what i say and say something
back so let's try it out let me just
show you guys first the serie options
here there is siri there and let me show
you guys the color keyboard there so you
guys can't even deny that this is not a
jailbroken
ipod touch 4g camera there camera there
alright let's try it out hello Siri hi
what is the weather for tomorrow
forecast for tomorrow there is a
weatherly forecast pulled it up she is
speaking as you can see because we added
that cache file again in my other
previous video I showed you guys the
ipod touch and we weren't really sure
what was going on why she wasn't
speaking but we figured it out and so
yeah what time is it in California there
you go if that's proof or if that's not
proof that I don't know what it is so be
sure to hit that subscribe button be
sure to check out these Siri reigns dev
teams twitter in the description check
out mine and be sure to give this video
a thumbs up and favorite and all that
good stuff and share it around to your
friends and we should have a porch
coming out to you guys soon with you
know running on a server and everything
but I guess I can go next 22 you guys
now the reason why we don't have a port
out that connects is because you have to
take forest keys off of a phone and when
you put those keys on more than four or
five devices it will blacklist that
phone so nobody is really winning
willing to blacklist their phones we did
have one guy that was willing and we
grabbed his keys and everything and then
we started running the server that we're
going to run it on we saw his text we
could see everything he was saying so
that right there is a privacy issue that
breaks a law I'm not going to go to jail
for that even though it was going to be
on my server and everything i'm not
going to go to jail for that so that's
why we're not releasing it until I
forest jobber comes out which will just
make things completely easier we believe
when a forest river comes out what we've
been told is that we can generate for
its keys so that would obviously make it
to where you guys can have Siri on all
of your devices
iphone 4 iphone 3gs ipod touch and our
ipod touch 4g and possibly the 3g we
don't have a 3g to test it on but we
will have testers soon we have a server
up when it's legal and yeah so thanks
guys see ya bees